Remove automatic linting from build (#83136)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/02-guides/memory-usage.mdx

## Disable static analysis

Typechecking may require a lot of memory, especially in large projects.
However, most projects have a dedicated CI runner that already handles these tasks.

> When the build produces out-of-memory issues during the "Linting and checking validity of types" step, you can disable these task during builds:

Reviewer: nit: didn't you change this messge?

> When the build produces out-of-memory issues during the "Linting and checking validity of types" step, you can disable these task during builds:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the build produces out-of-memory issues during the "Running ESLint and TypeScript concurrently" step, you can disable these task during builds:
```
